[ios][ui] Add `searchable` modifier (#47758)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/ui/swift-ui/modifiers.mdx

> **info** You can also create custom modifiers that work with any Expo UI component. See the [Extending with SwiftUI](/guides/expo-ui-swift-ui/extending/) guide for details.

> ## Searchable

Reviewer: **style** `links-and-headings.md#titles-and-headings`

As an H2 between `## Usage` and `## API`, one modifier reads as a top-level section of the page, which breaks the Installation, Usage, API skeleton every other page in this directory shares. Those pages keep examples one level down instead, such as `### Basic button` on **button.mdx** and `### Bottom sheet with presentation detents` on **bottomsheet.mdx**. Demoting to H3 nests the example under Usage where it already sits, so no other line has to move.

```suggestion
### Searchable
```

<!-- docs-review -->

> Use the `searchable` modifier to attach a native SwiftUI search field to a view. The search text is backed by `useNativeState`, matching SwiftUI's `Binding<String>`. Provide `onChange` to update your data as the search text changes.

Reviewer: **style** `links-and-headings.md#internal-links`

This is the first mention of `useNativeState` on the page and it is unlinked, so a reader who has not met the hook has nowhere to go. Sibling pages link it on sight, for example on **jetpack-compose/textfield.mdx**, and this reference asks for the static full path rather than the relative form those pages use. The suggestion links the hook and rewrites the passive clause flagged below.

---

**style** `prose.md#voice-and-tone`

`The search text is backed by useNativeState` is passive, and the style guide asks for active voice. Make the reader the actor: `Pass a useNativeState observable to hold the search text`. The suggestion in this comment carries the full replacement line.

```suggestion
Use the `searchable` modifier to attach a native SwiftUI search field to a view. Pass a [`useNativeState`](/versions/latest/sdk/ui/swift-ui/usenativestate/) observable to hold the search text, which maps to SwiftUI's `Binding<String>`. Provide `onChange` to update your data as the search text changes.
```

<!-- docs-review -->

> ```tsx

Reviewer: **nit** `mechanics.md#code-fences`

The fence opens with a bare `tsx` tag even though the block is a complete component file. Every other example in this directory titles its fence after the file: `BasicButtonExample.tsx` on **button.mdx**, `WorkletPhoneMaskExample.tsx` on **usenativestate.mdx**. Open this one with ````tsx SearchableExample.tsx```` to match.

<!-- docs-review -->
